Overall Analysis: 
   #From our data, were concluded several things. medium and large companies have marginally the same average salary with there being a potential for making more money with a large company due to outliers that we found. There is a potential for making more with a small company but it is the exception not the rule.  This may be due to creating a start up company that succeeds, for example.  Also, statistically nearly seven out of eight people in the data anaytic industry, work for medium or large companies. That is companies, that employee 250 employees or greater.
  Also, we determined from the data, that remote workers earn slightly more that those who work in the office 100 percent of the time. Thos who worked half the time remote, and half the time at office tended to earn less than those who worked either full remote or full time at the office. One would assume that with more experience the bigger the salary. However, with the data we have formed, there is not a drastic change from entry to senior level jobs. 
 The job title does matter in the data analytics industry.  We examined almost found that the top three job titles coming in at over two hundred and fifty thousand a year or more respectively. Those were, Data Analytics Lead at almost four hundred thousand, Principal Data Engineer at alomst three hundred thousand, Financial Data analyist at around two hundred seventy five thousand. There were some job titles that do not pay well such as Product Data Analyist, NLP engineer, and 3D Computer Vision Researcher.   They were all well under thirty thousand a year. The mean for all of the jobs was one hundred and fifteen thousand. 
 Overall, the ten year expected growth in employee job openings from 2023 to 2033 is growing.  The fastest growing industries are Management Analytics, Software Quality Assurance Analysts and Testers, and News Analysts, Reporters, and Journalist.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 REFERENCES
1. (Author Unknown)  August 29, 2024 Occupational Separation and Openings, US Bureau of Labor Statistics https://www.bls.gov/emp/tables/occupational-separations-and-openings.htm#top
2. Mulia Sujiastuti W Two years ago, Data Science Job Salaries, Data Science Job Salaries Analysis with Python, https://www.kaggle.com/code/muliasujiastuti/data-science-job-salaries-analysis-with-python/input.
